Don't be so absolute
How bad is the little flower coming?
Here comes the bitch
Yaoer, you have a good talk
I don't get involved in your young affairs
Yaoer has a good talk
Don't mess around
I suggest you better die this line
It is absolutely impossible for me to marry you
This girl?
You will get married sooner or later
So meet a good one
Take the time to marry yourself
Good guy
Who in Zhongzhou doesn't know your name, Ming Shao?
But they misunderstood me.
But don't worry, boss
It won't be long
Everyone in Zhongzhou
Will be impressed by your husband
Who's your wife?
Don't bark
Our Qin Shi was ordered by his parents
Lin Fan tells the truth
I really admire your courage
See those trophies?
I have been the best venture capital star in Zhongzhou for 5 consecutive years
And you, a stubborn person who can only eat, drink, prostitute and vomit
Then how did I hear
Your latest investment has failed one after another
Do you know what venture capital is?
Golden people also dare to be here
Wangyi
Venture capital has never been a sure-fire business
Look at him as a whole
My investment even has a minimum return of 70%
And this was at a difficult time.
That's a mere 70%, are you embarrassed to say it?
Notify
The next big investment
Put it on top of the economic company
As for the Denin era
Don't worry